---
title: Han
date: 2021-01-29
category: ["tidbits"]
---

I learned at the end of 2019 about Han. My friend Chris was talking to me about it in the context of Parasite and Korean cinema, how a lot of these movies revolve around this concept of deep, hopeless sadness that's ingrained in every Korean out there. It is a shared sorrow. It is Han. That is why revenge is such a strong theme in Korean cinema (look at Old Boy) - you have to resolve that sadness somehow.

I would think about this often, how it played into my life. Because how can Han be something I've had within me since I was born but only now discover its existence. How is Han generational? Is it only for Korean Koreans or can Korean Americans have it too? Am I part of this collective emotional connection, rooted in Japanese occupation and developed through war, famine, and corruption?

I'm not really sure. [Anthony Bourdain talks about it for a hot sec on his show.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoDIkaDgaf4)

God, Koreans are absolutely ruthless. I should make it a goal to study more on Korean history.

I wonder why my parents never taught me Han. Really, my parents never talk to me about their past. Whenever I ask or prod, they just say it was very sad, it was very hard. And you don't press after that really. I always forget that the comfortable life I've lived is the first in my generation. And I wonder how my future kids will be, if they understand the pain that's stringed together up to me. I don't have pain, but... do I? Just from being Korean? 

It's crazy to think that it's a feeling that's passed down because realistically that's not how it happens. But I just believe it. I think all Koreans have Han in some way or another. Some Korean decide to drink away it all, some decide to dedicate themselves to work. 

Han.