---
title: "FAQ"
date: 2021-02-04
category: ["tidbits"]
isHead: false
---

I've always wanted to do a Ask Me Anything, like the ones you see on reddit or YouTube, probably because I wanted to be famous. I'm sort of an attention whore, and my ego has not been fed in a while. So let me pretend that I'm famous for this moment, like I'll write a memoir one day, like I've earned a write to host an award show, like I've made it enough to become a walking billboard.

I have created these own questions and their following answers. Enjoy.

---

*What is your favorite color?*

Great question... In middle school, I liked this specific green color that you'd find when you pull out a blade of grass. During track meets, I'd just sit in the grass areas and gently pull out grass one at a time. The base would always be a milky white that slowly turned into the green we all know. The moment it started to become more green than white was my favorite. 

But colors don't really stay with me. I'm in a pretty good yellow phase right now. 

*If you could have lunch with any celebrity, dead or alive, who would it be?*

My creative inspiration is Tyler, The Creator. I love how he owns his work completely while also diving into other artistic pursuits and succeeding. But would I get lunch with him? I'd feel pretty intimidated so probably pass. Maybe a famous chef? Maybe J. Kenji Lopez-Alt? These people seem too big for me to engage with, like how can I find any common ground with celebrities? It's another world. 

I'd probably get lunch with my family, especially if I can pick any place I want. My dream is take my parents to a two or three starred restaurant.

*How was your day?*

Pretty boring. I'm transitioning to a new team right now, so a lot of that consists of writing up documentation of my current projects and doing last minute promises that I hoped I wouldn't get to. I hate technical writing, and I'm already checked out of this team. I cooked up some tonkatsu that I made yesterday for my family and they're still good a day later. 

*What makes the perfect katsu?*

Love and care. Also I think using pork is way better than chicken because the coating ends up sticking better for some reason. But I feel like you get more juice out of chicken. I'm sure different cuts of meat also make a difference. 

*Thoughts on the $GME situation?*

I feel bad for the people that bought into the hype at its peak and lost more than 80% of their savings. It was fun to read about, but I feel like there was no way for the people to win. The billions lost by the hedge funds weren't going to end up in the hands of the normies, right? It doesn't seem like it. So I wonder where those billions went then. Possible to another hedge fund? 

*Best eSport?*

Oh man, that's so hard. I only follow a few... I think Melee is the most entertaining to watch with a ton of storylines to follow. Starcraft II is great for strategy-minded people and also nostalgia. League of Legends is the go to for an established eSport thriving. I had a Tetris phase, which is surprisingly very intense to watch. 

I want to get into sumo and follow that scene, but that isn't eSports.

*Any last words?*

Thank you for letting me indulge myself by asking random questions for nonsensical answers. 