---
title: "how we met"
date: 2021-10-21
category: ["tidbits"]
isHead: false
---

I met Wendi on that classic dating app. She was my first Tinder date and I was hers. We met at Starbucks on South U on a sunny, summer day in 2017. I had my friend Benny come in with me and referee the date in the background, just in case this girl was a kook. He'd come in whistle in hand and smack that red card in our elevated table, saving me from potential crazy. 

I wish we met in a more organic way, but who doesn't want a romantic origin story to tell the kids? I teased the idea of meeting someone on a flight and then starting a cross country love story. But I realize that no one on a flight wants to make friends - maybe in first class but definitely not in economy. So the best I can get is that we were each other's firsts... matches. Yeah, that's enough romance here.

Don't want to toot my own horn too much, but I'll admit it. I am quite the charmer. Wendi would agree. I get such a zing from meeting new people, but I wouldn't say that I'm an extrovert. I just get such an adrenaline rush meeting someone new. "Am I going to make a bad impression?" "Can I make them laugh?" "Don't be weird." It's a performance in some ways, and I don't get a lot of chances to be centerstage. 

The conversation lasted an hour and a half but felt like a moment. It's weird thinking so far back to those moments, because with everything else that's happened since, it's just a casual Starbucks time Wendi and I would do on a whim.  