---
title: "kittens x3"
date: 2021-05-15
category: ["life"]
isHead: false
---

This past week, Wendi and I brought home three orange kittens. Wendi made some friends who have their own cat(s), and that sparked our interest in getting our own little meows. We've always tossed the idea over many months but never went beyond that... until we went to Petco and Petsmart to check out the prices for some toys and items and came across these three kittens.

We would have preferred only a pair, but we couldn't even think of separating them. So after seeing them on Wednesday and applying online, meeting them on Thursday, and taking them home on Friday, I'm very glad we kept them all together.

Overall, angels. Absolute angels. They do this cute thing where when they do their business in their litter boxes, they always wipe their feet on the mat before playing again. 

We finally settled on their names: Boongi, IO, and Noname. 

- Boongi is from BTS's Yoongi/Suga. I think it was a thing to add a B in front of their names on BTS Twitter awhile back.
- IO is because this one meow's coat pattern has those letters. It's also sort of techy, right? Maybe I should stylize it as I/O or .io. 
- Noname is simply that. We didn't have a name for him and that's what we called him. It's also after a fantastic artist.

I'm not one to give unsolicited pet pictures, so if you'd like to see them, shoot me a message. You can also see them in person if you're in Richmond - got to get them used to seeing other people. 

Anyway, life is weird like that. 